alright well shall we try how about
zombies and trains zombies and trains
huh
ok
he who kills zombies trains all right
zombies walk towards the prize yes stop
them
what do I do
that's it
I lost already are you kidding me I lost
oh
there we go
stroy the zombies with the trains
oh shit oh no oh now that zombies got
the fucking prize oh my god
keep my eyes on where the zombies are
Christ it's disgusting body parts are
flying everywhere gotta power up Horace
appear on the top right corner tap a to
use the power up by your trains look at
this
zombies when right through the fucking
fire train
this
shit I ran out of fire trains Oh No
Oh No look how many there doesn't gonna
look like zombies those like fucking
aliens what the fuck am I playing do
achieve in plebeian Smasher huh what the
hell is this
that's it that's the game that's the
game Wow okay
enough of that haha seriously enough of
the hotel that's the whole game what the
fuck